## STM32 CMake boilerplate

**A basic boilerplate code.**
- It sets the CMake environment.
- It includes necessary files for STM32F446RE board (linker, svd, startup, system, header).
- Builds the binary file to upload with STLink.
- Tested with VS code on windows and linux.

*Please be aware that the boilerplate is made for STM32F446RE but you can simply change the files.*

**Requirements:**
- Arm-none-eabi toolchain
- Make
- CMake
- ST-Link
- MinGW (windows)
- C/C++ extensions (VS code)
- Cortex-Debug (VS code)

**Setup:**
1. Make sure to include in system PATH all required libraries (especially on Windows).
2. To change the microcontroller create similar folder to STM32F446RE. Then switch names and parameters in `CMakeLists.txt` both in MCU folder and main CMake file.
3. Change project name in `makefile`.

**How to use:**
1. Run `make init-linux` or `make init-windows` to prepare build system.
2. Run `make compile` to compile.
3. Run `make upload` to upload the code (`make compile upload` does both).

After uploading the build-in LED should blink.

**VS code can't find headers:**
The code compiles correctly but the VS code still doesn't recognize the headers - you need to add includes to the `c_cpp_properties.json` generated by VS code. *If you know any better way of doing it please make a pull request.*

**VS code highlights things like uint32_t**
In `c_cpp_properties.json` add `"__CC_ARM"`

*I've spend a few days to figure this out from scratch. Please be aware there are many possible issues if it doesn't work on your computer, not necessairly with this code itself. Tested in VS Code.*